Update documentation according to recent packaging update (#13513)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/profiler/enabling/dotnet.md

1. If you are already using Datadog, upgrade your agent to version [7.20.2][1]+ or [6.20.2][2]+.

> 2. The profiler ships together with the tracer. Install or upgrade to the last beta version if needed, using the [.NET Monitoring MSI installer][3]. Continuous Profiler supports 64-bit Windows, so you need the file like `datadog-dotnet-apm-2.5.1-x64.msi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The profiler ships together with the tracer. Install or upgrade to the latest version, using the [.NET Monitoring MSI installer][3]. Continuous Profiler supports 64-bit Windows, so you need the file like `datadog-dotnet-apm-<VERSION>-x64.msi`.
```

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent/overview
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings?agent_version=6#agent

> [3]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet/releases/tag/v2.5.1

Reviewer 2: Since this link can get outdated, what if we just link to the releases page instead of a specific release?

> [3]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet/releases/tag/v2.5.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[3]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-dotnet/releases/
```
